Give you back what my son got by his ability
Why give it back to you?
Xiaomeng, you don't know yet, do you?
Today's dinner is hosted by Pangu Group
The chairperson of Pangu Group will come over in a while
Yang Chen will get tens of billions of orders.
With these tens of billions of orders
The board of directors of the Xia Group
Will bow down to Yang Chen
Kick you out of the palace, don't even think about it
The Xia Group was founded by my father
The board members were all my dad's hands back then
down
They will never allow you to run amok
Xia Meng, your father has been dead for more than ten years
He is already old yellow calendar
Now the company needs a capable leader
Lead the company to a new level
And that person
I was the only one in the military training
Li Yangchen, without me, you are nothing
Hat, you cheating bitch
I cheated on you, obviously Li Yangchen cheated on you
And now you're biting back at me?
late summer
You framed me in front of so many powerful people
Did you know that this is legally responsible?
You say I cheated
Who can prove it to you?
I can prove it.
Xia Group Vice President Summer Pirates wants to say